2010-12-28
28 December 2010
Otto Rummukainen had his 100th birthday in Tohmaj채rvi, Finland, EU
He lives a peacefull countrylife in eastern Finland and is locally wellknown writer.
He has been awarded the "Pen of The Year" -award by the local Writers association.
Otto Rummukainen and his family has lived at the hill Pyk채l채vaara for 60 years.
Life with the mother nature suits well to his lifestyle and there is a lot of activities going on
In his active time he worked as a logger and is now in good shape
Now in the wintertime I have a lot of work to get rid of the snow
But summer is quite different
I have my plants to grow in the backyard
Writing is a dear activity for Rummukainen
First he used to write in the newspapers but thereafter he has written one novell each year already for 20 years.
There is no single political ideology or mission in his texts
In general ...
If I can write out an idea for the reader ... To make him enjoy life with the book
Finds it interesting
That is enough thanks for me!
His works are best sellers locally in Tohmaj채rvi
His advice for the younger folks is to agree with your life
You have to see if you have made your best in the life with other people
If you see someone in the need for help and have the strenght to help him
I don't mean economic help but even the social pastime
In that case you know to have made the best to reach in your life